OK, let's go ahead and take care of this icon.
Favorite icon here.
So we need to go back to our weather app because that's where everything is driven.
And back to where we have his main screen.
One of them, at least, where we are.
I would have added this icon.
So what we need to do right before that inside of this if statement, let's see.
Right, right before we add the icon, I'm going to create a variable to check, to check our database,
to see if the current CD that was shown here, the title is equal to these any to show if the city that
we have showing here.
Exists already in our database, so I'm going to put an if statement the actually I'm going to see Val
first.
This is already five list.
Very cryptic, but bear with me here.
So.
I'm going to set that to our review model.
Think is favourite view model?
I called yes.
And I'm going to get to the fave list state of flow and say, collect a state, get the value such and
then I'm going to filter.
This is the beauty of Flutter.
This is the beauty of cuddling because I can't actually filter the list.
In this case, I want to pass an item.
Like this or we have available to work with?
So what is it going to do here?
Well, to filter, we need to pass some predicate.
Right.
So I'm going to put all of that inside of curly instead of parentheses.
I'm going to say item, right?
This item we can see it's a favor object, some checking if item that city is equal to title.
I'm going to split again by comma and get the first item in our list.
So we've done this before.
All I'm doing is I'm looking for this area, this part of our title.
So if Seattle was saying, OK, we're going to look as we look through in our collected as state favorite
list from our field model, which gets all that from database.
So we're getting all of the items from a database.
All of the cities and we're checking to see if there is a match.
That's all we're doing here.
If there is a match, what happens with a filter is that it returns an array or lists.
So this is actually going to be a list.
Right.
So what I'm going to do then wants to check if the list is empty, that means there's no match, which
means this city here doesn't exist in our database, which means in this case, this is going to show
if the list is not empty, that means there is a match, then that means we need to hide this.
That's all we doing here.
So now I can do, I can put in a brief statement.
And I'm going to put all of that, all of this inside.
Let's see, click there.
Right.
I'm going to cut all of this.
And put it inside of that if statement, so if is already safe, listening can see, as I said, it
comes in as a list whenever we use a predicate.
Right?
So yes, the confirmation there, if his list is null or empty.
Then this favorite icon should show.
Else it shouldn't show anything, I'm just going to say give me a box.
Like this?
And we're done.
Let's see if this true.
Let's go ahead and Brian real quick.
So at this point, this I can shouldn't show because San Diego is part of the latest, I believe.
And you can see there's no sign there's no icon for San Diego, because if you go to favorites, you'll
see that San Diego as part of it.
Now, if I delete San Diego, if I go back, you're going to see that indeed, we still we will have
that icon which can save.
And then once you save, that list went away because it knows right away that the San Diego was added
and database know how to pass that into our immutable state flow on immutable flow and responds by hiding
it right away and we go back to our favor is going to see San Diego.
Let's go back, concedes San Diego.
He's out of there.
All right.
Very good, very good.
All right, so, Max, what you want to do, even though everything looks fine, we're going to stop
here and life is great, but we need to give users a little bit of some sort of a visual clues as to
what's happening.
So when we click, let's add something new here.
I see say there are.
OK, Mozambique, if I save you, just goes away, which is OK, I guess it's fine, but it would be
nice to have some sort of a toast message to show that, OK, that was added to our database, to our
favorites, right?
To do that, we're going to create a structure that will allow us to do so to show when something is
saved, to show that something was saved so users know that something was saved.
So we're going to use a toast message.
So let me because I'm going to use that link, put a block into our Alice statement there.
OK.
So we'll see in a second.
So what I'm going to do, I'm going to start from the back, right?
Once they show toast like that and I'm going to pass it context.
It's going to be equal to a context and context type and going to so also pass a show it which is going
to be we'll see what that will be.
OK, this is going to be context.
We'll create that.
All right.
Let's go ahead and create this puppy crater composable.
Now this show, it is going to be a mutable state, as you will see in a bit.
It's going to be a Boolean, and context is going to be context.
And what context like this?
OK.
All right.
So, show show host, what is it?
So I'm going to say, if show it, that value is true, then I'm going to say toast.
That make texts set to host.
Call it make text and pass in the context, and then I'm going to pass the message, which is just going
to be.
City added to favorites, something like that.
Or should I say, add it to favorites like this?
And that means a toast length.
It's going to be short and make sure that we show that toast, OK now because it's all about states
and all sort of things to show all their dialogue, to show toasts in in compose.
If you are coming from under development, it's a little bit strange, but not too bad.
So that's why we have to pass the at least a few other items here, such as these mutable state.
So let's create this immutable state at the top here, because we're going to be using it.
So we're going to create value.
Show it.
It's a mutable state.
So I'm going to just say we can just go ahead and say bye.
Remember?
There's a preference, the same thing and same mutable.
State of.
Say false in the beginning.
All right.
And while we're here, we need to get the context, so to get a context, we say context.
And I'm going to say local.
Context, don't get current.
All right.
So we have that context.
So what we want to happen is when we click just look here, when we click on this button or this icon,
we want to run it or to set our show it to true.
So that is shown right, the actual icon or in this case, the actual toast is shown.
And where does that happen?
Well, that has to be happening right after the item was inserted into our database.
So let's go back down here.
OK, I see what the problem is.
OK, let's not use by think we just have to use the normal one as equal to remember like this.
Which means I have to say that value is true.
We'll just remove that altogether.
And we should be good.
All right.
Just two little issues there, but it's fine.
OK, so that means then I need to set that whenever these favorite runs or whenever that is done with.
And we have say something to our database.
OK, so I'm going to say dot and invoke the run block here and then say, show it at a value said that
to true.
So we want that to happen right after this.
Favorite is right after our insert.
Favorite is done.
And we want this, of course, to be back to false inside in the statement.
So show it, that value now is going to be false.
Here.
Makes sense.
OK, let's go ahead and see this right.
OK.
Of course, Sandiego Diego is not going to show the icon, let's find something else.
OK, Las Vegas clicked and added to favorites is showing and should go away for soon.
If I go to our favorites, you should see Las Vegas.
Click There is Las Vegas.
There you go.
OK, so it is indeed working.
Let's do Mumbai.
OK, let's save.
And voila, I had a two favorites for good.
And if we go to favorites, you can see that Mumbai is indeed added.
All right.
It's indeed working so small things, but nonetheless, it just gives the user something to to help
them understand, OK, what's going on in terms of user experience?
So I should always think in those terms as well.